---
title: Riding the Rails
date: 2013-11-08 17:17 UTC
tags:
---

Week 9 has come and gone, and with it, our first exposure to Ruby on rails.
Sitting in the middle of our first Rails project, I feel good about the progress
I've made this week. I'm working with Persa and Lauren on this project, and for
the most part it's gone very well. We splitting our time between mobbing on the
project as a trio, and also splitting off to work on pieces of the codebase. So
far, we haven't hit any major roadblocks. Currently, users of our application
can place items in their cart, look at information on individual items, and
login as a basic user. Administrators are able to log in and add new items, as
well as view information about all current users of the site.

As with anything, active communication within our group has helped to keep our
progress moving along. While we haven't focus much on the front end UI/UX to
this point, I'm confident that we'll be able to get the work done by our
deadline next Thursday.

Enough about code though, there is a real reason I need to blog today, and that
is Starbucks. Now, I'm a regular Starbucks patron, and I will continue to be,
but lately they've been pissing me off. How you ask? Napkins.

Yes, this seemingly simple topic has been driving me up the wall in regards to
Starbucks. Let me explain why. Yesterday, I visited my local Starbucks drive
through, and along with my regular coffee, I ordered a breakfast sandwich. When
I got to the window, I was handed my coffee, the sandwich, and no less than six
napkins. Six?! What kind of slob do I look like? This sandwich doesn't even have
sauce on it.

So, I simply explained to the drive through attendant that I didn't need this
pile of napkins, and handed them back to him. He responded by thanking me,
taking them back, and immediately throwing all of the napkins in the trash.

Arg!

-Will    
@wvmitchell


